c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\concrt140.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\cvextern.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\msvcp140.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\opencv_ffmpeg320.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\vcruntime140.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\EmguCV.exe.config
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\EmguCV.exe
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\EmguCV.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\EmguCV.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2017.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\obj\Debug\EmguCV.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\obj\Debug\EmguCV.frmMain.resources
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\obj\Debug\EmguCV.Resources.resources
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\obj\Debug\EmguCV.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\obj\Debug\EmguCV.exe
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\obj\Debug\EmguCV.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmguCV\EmguCV\obj\Debug\EmguCV.pdb
